[Merged by Bors] - Add a stress test profile (#6901)
bevyengine/bevy: examples/stress_tests/README.md

# Stress tests

These examples are used to stress test Bevy's performance in various ways. 

> These should be run with the "stress-test" profile, otherwise they will be very slow or inaccurately represent production level performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These should be run with the "stress-test" profile to accurately represent performance in production, otherwise they will run in cargo's default "dev" profile which is very slow.
```

## Example Command

```

> cargo run --example <EXAMPLE> --profile stress-test

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
cargo run --profile stress-test --example <EXAMPLE> 
```
just so that it's nicer to copy-paste in a terminal and change the example name
